(Kiyoung Hospital)
A suspect interview?
What is going on?
You know, that lady who woke up after being in a coma for 10 months.
I heard that a prosecutor will interview her here.
In her ward?
- It's Room 610. - Oh, they're here.
That man must be the prosecutor.
- Are you her guardian? - No.
Ms. Nam,
you know you're being investigated for violating...
the Special Cases Concerning Traffic Accidents Act, right?
You have the right to remain silent and refuse...
to answer questions that may be used against you.
Remaining silent will not be used against you.
Because it's me,
I can believe you.
You also have the right...
to consult an attorney and have an attorney present during questioning.
Okay.
February 14, 2016,
on your way home in your mother's car,
you hit Mr. Han Woo Tak at an intersection in Sanggu-dong...
with the car and killed him. Correct?
I didn't drive.
The man I was with, Lee Yoo Bum, drove the car.
Right, that's what you said in the interview with the detective.
Yes. He didn't believe me though.
I interviewed Mr. Lee as well.
What did he say?
I asked him if he drove the car that day, and he said...
That's what I regret the most.
I should've driven that day.
I tried to stop her.
I told her she shouldn't drive as the roads were slippery,
but she said she has to rush home because her mom wasn't picking up.
I couldn't let her go alone.
That's why I went with her. I was worried.
That's a lie. He's lying.
I know that he's the one... He's the one who drove that day.
We analyzed the blood on the airbag from the driver's seat,
and your DNA was found on it.
That's impossible.
Even the dashboard camera footage from the ambulance...
shows that you were rescued from the driver's seat.
Mr. Lee was rescued from the passenger seat.
I swear. I did not drive.
Then how will you explain your DNA and the dashboard camera footage?
I'm sure someone tampered with the evidence.
Hong Joo, Hong Joo, Hong Joo!
I lost my consciousness as soon as the accident happened.
Somebody must've moved me to the driver's seat.
He must've wiped his blood off the airbag and left mine on it,
then sat on the passenger seat.
By "somebody", are you referring to...
It must've been Yoo Bum.
I bet he dumped everything on me so that he can get out of it.
You think he framed you.
That's a speculation.
We trust evidence more than mere speculations.
Unfortunately, none of the evidence supports your claim.
Then what should I do?
There's nothing I can do to prove my innocence.
All the evidence points to you.
Admitting it will be the best for your sake...
because it can be recognized as a mitigating sentencing factor.
Even though I didn't cause the accident?
The victim's family is demanding punishment for you.
Continuing to deny it...
might act as an aggravating factor that increases your sentence.
(Lee Yoo Bum)
If something happens to you because of me,
I won't be able to go on with my life.
You're the only one I have in this whole world,
so don't leave me.
Okay?
Ms. Nam. What on earth are you doing now?
Don't come near me!
- I'll jump if you come any closer. - Just come down first.
We can take time and talk about everything.
What is that going to change?
I already told you everything.
It was Valentine's Day, and it snowed!
That's why Yoo Bum drove instead of me,
and someone died.
Then he made it look like I was the driver!
No one believes me no matter how hard I try to explain.
What's the point?
I'll believe you.
I'll believe what you say,
so please here.
If this was a dream,
I'd be so happy.
If this was your dream...
Thank you...
for saying that you'll believe me.
Ms. Nam.
- Gosh! - No!
No!
Oh, my gosh.
How can a dream...
feel so real?
(February 14, 2016)
My gosh.
You're up?
Gosh, you totally scared me.
Why are you up so early?
I had a weird dream.
It creeped me out, and it felt so real.
What was it about?
I saw the girl who lives across the street.
I knew something was going to happen the moment you called her rude.
That's how typical romantic comedies begin.
And she even showed up in your dream.
I like where this is going. What was the genre?
Romantic comedy? Passionate melodrama?
Or was it X-rated?
That girl died in my dream.
What?
No!
What? Then it's a thriller.
That's right. A thriller that feels so real.
Real, my foot.
You said that woman died in the dream too.
Look, she's totally fine.
I'm relieved.
And why did Yoo Bum show up in your dream? That's so random.
I ran into him a little while ago.
You let him walk away? You should've punched him.
I just said hi with a big smile on my face like a total idiot.
If I were you, I would've cussed him...
and spat on his face like this.
By the way, was that girl seeing Yoo Bum in the dream?
They were meeting on Valentine's Day, so I guess so.
It's just a nightmare.
Two people you hate the most showed up in your dream.
You basically wrote a bad soap opera.
What's the date today?
February 14.
It's Valentine's Day, and you're supposed to pick up your new car.
All couples will be lovey-dovey,
and you'll test-drive your new car looking all pathetic.
- Do you have any plans? - I do.
Cancel them. You better not be late.
Gosh, seriously!
What do you want?
Why are you sitting here out of all the seats?
I want to ask you something.
Me?
Do you know a guy named Lee Yoo Bum?
How did you know...
You've been stalking me, haven't you?
You gathered intel on me to make a move on me, right?
Well, you know Lee Yoo Bum?
- Taxi! - Wait.
You're meeting him later today, right?
You better not do this. I'll scream if you keep this up.
I know that I must sound totally crazy right now,
but please just hear me out.
Don't meet him today, and do not drive because it'll snow.
Don't even go near cars, okay?
Hey, did you hear what I just said?
Are you all right?
He must be a stalker.
Why does he care whether I drive or not? It's none of his business.
Why do you care? It's none of your business.
Sir, do you know if it's supposed to snow today?
No, it's supposed to be sunny all day.
Thank you.
Bye.
Hey, do you know what time it is right now?
- Yoo Bum. - What's up?
Do you have a date?
My gosh, did you get a new car?
What brings you here?
I have a date.
Ms. Nam Hong Joo?
Yoo Bum!
Yoo Bum, you said you'd treat me to sushi.
Let's go now.
Hey, today won't work. We already have other plans.
I have no plans, so treat me today, okay?
Hey, what's with you? Today is Valentine's Day.
That's why...
I'm craving sushi so much right now,
but eating sushi alone on Valentine's Day will look weird.
Two guys eating sushi together on Valentine's Day will look weirder.
What are you doing out here?
Hey, you.
I told you to just go straight home today.
Why do I have to do that? Tell me why.
- It's... - Hang on a second.
Am I the only one who has no idea what's going on right now?
Let's go, Hong Joo.
Hey, you and I will have to talk about this another day.
Let's go.
Sorry. I'm late, right?
Oh, my. This car is a beauty.
Gosh, what is all this? Did you get all the options?
My, look at this.
My friend is having a piano recital today. Do you want to go?
All right, I'll go.
I should mind my own business. Let's go.
What? It's not supposed to snow today.
I already told you everything.
It was Valentine's Day, and it snowed!
Hey, I know that this will sound crazy,
but I think things are happening exactly like my dream.
The nightmare you had this morning?
- Yes. - Jae Chan,
that's crazy talk. Cut the nonsense, and let's go.
I need to check one more thing. Just one more thing.
Gosh, it'll start soon.
I forgot to lock the door.
I didn't lock the door. I should rush back home.
[VIU Ver] E02 While You Were Sleeping "The Accident"
-= Ruo Xi =-
It was true.
Yoo Bum really drove the car.
Yoo Bum!
Ms. Nam!
Stop!
Jae Chan, what's going on?
Hey, call the police right now.
Tell them to stop the car with the plate number ending in 4773.
Have you lost your mind? Call the police and say what?
"According to my brother's dream, there will be an accident soon"?
This is crazy.
You're acting so weird.
Why do you care so much about that girl?
It's not that I care about her. I just...
I just don't want her to end up like me.
What if she lets him dump everything on her like an idiot?
Meeting Yoo Bum again must've really stressed you out.
That's probably why you had that nightmare.
Come on.
Let's go.
Yes, I really should mind my own business.
If I go any further, I'll look like a total lunatic.
Gosh, seriously.
Jae Chan, wait up. Jae Chan, stop!
How can you just take off like that?
An accident? What are you talking about?
Well, I'm not talking about right now.
Something like that might happen in the future.
I'll be okay even if that happens,
so keep my mom safe for me.
Okay.
No matter what happens, I'll be sure...
to keep you and your mom safe. Are we good now?
By the way, what happened between you and Jae Chan?
It looked like he was...
Are you okay?
Did you get hurt?
Are you all right?
Yes.
Jae Chan.
Did you just hit this car?
Yes, I guess my car slipped because of the snow.
This...
was intentional, wasn't it?
No, I told you that my car slipped in the snow.
- I'm sorry. - Hey.
Hey!
Do you think I'm blind or what?
You followed us and crashed the car.
It was obviously intentional.
How dare you lie to my face?
- That's not what happened. - Then what just happened?
Hey, answer me!
Do you need money?
Is this a car accident scam or what?
Hadn't I done what I did, you would've killed a person.
You've totally lost your mind.
You've gone crazy.
Are you doing this because of that motorcycle accident?
What should we do, Jae Chan? I think the police are coming.
Darn it, this is crazy.
Dad will find out I bought that motorcycle.
You should beg the police when they get here.
Tell them that you're sorry and that you'll pay for the damages.
What are you talking about?
You drove it. Why should I pay for the damages?
Tell them that you drove it. That will look more natural.
Are you saying you'll lie to them?
No, Jae Chan.
I'm saying I'll tell them what makes more sense.
Let's be honest.
It makes more sense that you did it.
It doesn't make any sense! This is your fault.
I'll tell the police the truth when they get here.
Really?
("Criminal Law: Practice Questions")
I'll tell them that it was your doing.
- Yoo Bum! - There are no witnesses,
and you and I are the only ones here.
I'm curious.
Whom do you think the police...
will believe?
I almost killed someone?
Stop spewing such nonsense, okay?
Jae Chan, you've totally lost your mind. Are you aware of that?
No, I'm totally sane.
You would've killed that man had I not stopped the car.
Also, you would've tampered with evidence...
to frame her for driving the car.
Enough, you crazy jerk!
She would've ended up with a criminal record for killing someone,
and the shock would've killed her mom too.
And that woman...
would've taken her own life like an idiot from feeling victimized.
You...
are more than capable of doing that.
You haven't changed one bit.
You still blame others for everything and give lame excuses.
The truth is, you almost killed us.
No.
I did it to save lives.
Who on earth would believe that?
Hong Joo.
Do you believe what this lunatic is saying?
Right.
Who'd believe me...
if I say that I saw you in my dream...
and that I came here to change what I saw in my dream...
because you looked so sad in it.
No one will believe...
that I changed your future.
I...
believe in you.
Because it's me,
I can believe you.
Thank you.
(While You Were Sleeping)